[Autogenerated] we looked at how we can query data using Mongo report stories.
And now I think it's time to look at creating,
updating and reading documents using Mongolia boy stories.
And I have great news for you.
The report story interfaces take care off deserts,
updates in minutes, so there's not much we can do.
Besides calling the appropriate methods,
the four methods that you use to perform these operations are insert,
save, delete and little.
In fact, let's take a look at a couple of examples.
We'll start with an empty report story.
Okay, it's not really empty because airport boy story extends Mongol boy story,
but you do not provide any additional functionality.
Just live it as is.
Let's assume you're creating a new airport for Madrid
with a flights per ____ capacity of 250.
If we call this our method, then our document is goingto be saved in a monk.
A question and, um unique I d.
Is going to be provided for the box.
We can also perform badge inserts using the same method here.
We're creating two airports, one from Madrid, gathering for Valencia.
We are grouping them in a list of airports and they
were calling is certain method.
But this time we pass in the list of airports.
This is an overloaded method on the re boy story interface.
As an outcome,
we have both arguments saved in the collection in a
single round trip to the database, So insert your functions as a batch dessert.
If you wantto update the document,
you need to retrieve it from the collection first.
That's what you're doing using the find by de Method.
Then you can sit new values for their particular instance.
Here we're setting the fights per day 2 300 then can call the
save method and passing the updated object.
As a result, the fights per day property will be changed from 250 to 300.
It's worth mentioning that save functions as uncertain or update,
so it scans the collection and tries to find a document with the matching I D.
If no document is found for that particular I D.
They're safe acts like insert.
A new document is grated.
If a document is found, then it is completely replaced with the provided one.
It is very similar.
Toe the behavior off the Mongol template class,
and my recommendation remains the same use assert in creating
the documents and save when updating them.
I was somewhat to highlight that you cannot do
partial updates using repositories,
so the update capabilities off the Mongol template are a little bit
more complex than what we have for you boy stories.
But in most cases, this is not going to be a problem.
If you want to remove documents from a collection you have to approach is
the 1st 1 is when you retrieve a document from the collection and then you
pass it to the delete method on the report story.
This with the redevelopment, however, you have two round trips to the database,
want Toby Development and the other one to delete it.
Ah,
more efficient alternative is to call the dig it by the method
and just passing The idea of the document that you're trying to
delete the outcome is the same, but the later query is more efficient.
And finally, if you want to remove all the documents in a particular collection,
you can call delete.
All this will erase all the documents from that collection and leave your collection in an empty state